You are Qin Yun
Surrender to me and I will spare you
Qin Yuan is my fiancé
How can I let you know the ninth sister?
Sect Master Linglong was five hundred years before Mount Shu
The champion of the last five hundred years, the proud daughter of a thousand years
His old man dominates Shu Mountain
Zeshu Mountain, be careful of you
They're just frogs in a well.
Miss
Little do they know that in front of Sect Master Linglong
Like grass chicken jade phoenix
I admit that Sect Master Qizong Linglong is excellent
But I, Shushan, see the dead sword of the zongren in the mouth of the cheap zongzi
The Proud Girl is just 5 years older than me
Pride of Heaven
It's just the words of the Tang State of your Sword Sect traitor
You deserve it too